docs: clarify token scope in README (#18)
nedbat/dinghy: README.rst

    $ python -m pip install dinghy

> 2. To run dinghy you will need a GitHub `personal access token`_ without any
>    scopes if you plan to only follow public repository, or with the "repo" scope
>    if you want to follow private repos. Create one and define the GITHUB_TOKEN
>    environment variable with the value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To run dinghy you will need a GitHub `personal access token`_. The scopes you
   need to assign to it depend on what repos you'll be accessing:
   - If you are only accessing public repos, then you don't need any scopes.
   - If you will be accessing any private repos, then you need the "repo" scope
   Create one and define the GITHUB_TOKEN environment variable with the value:
```
I didn't know you could make a token with no scopes! :)

Author: Me neither so I tried it, this language is much clearer.
